(Docs) : Added contributing guidelines (#61)
uptane/uptane.github.io: README.md

```

Now create a branch using the `git checkout` command:

```bash
git checkout -b <name-your-new-branch-name-after-your-issue>
```

For example:

```bash
git checkout -b issue-329
```

## Make necessary changes

Now, you can suggest contributions, make necessary changes to existing files, or add new files.

# Test in local and push changes to GitHub

Before you push changes to GitHub, build this GitHub pages site locally to preview and test the changes.

## Prerequisites

This GitHub Pages site is built with Jekyll. Before you can use Jekyll to test a site, you must [install Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/installation/).

## Test your changes locally

Change to the repository directory on your computer and execute the following command to run the Jekyll site locally.

1. To install and update all dependencies.

   ```bash
   gem install "jekyll-mentions"     
   ```

   **Note**: Run the above command one time before using the tools each day.

2. Start the local web server, do not build the site first

   ```bash
   jekyll serve
   ```

   To preview the site in your web browser navigate to [http://localhost:4000](http://localhost:4000).

## Commit changes

> After you have a successful testing in local with your changes, you are ready to commit those changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have successfully tested your changes locally, you are ready to commit those changes.
```
